README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  👋 Hey, I'm Kmilo Denis Glez 🧑‍💻
  
  <p>
    <a href='https://www.linkedin.com/in/kmilodenisglez/' target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="Connect on LinkedIn"/>
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

---

### 🛡️ Blockchain & Applied Cryptography Specialist

I architect **secure, high-performance distributed systems** and currently serve as a Researcher at the Institute of Cryptography at the University of Havana. Passionate about data security, system performance, and leading teams to successful solutions.

### 🧠 More About Me

* **🏢 Work:** Researcher and Architect at the Institute of Cryptography, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science at University of Havana, Cuba. Specialized in the design and construction of high-performance services and APIs.
* **📚 Interests:** Decentralized Ledger Technologies (DLT/Blockchain), Applied Cryptography, and building robust solutions using key frameworks like **Django, FastAPI, Laravel, Express.js**, and **Iris (Go)**.
* **🤝 Collaboration:** Looking to contribute to **Hyperledger FireFly** and the **firefly-fabconnect** component.
* **🌱 Learning:** Deep diving into the wonderful world of **Fintech** (Financial Technology).

---

### 🔨 Languages and Tools

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="Golang" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="Docker" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="Node.js" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="/static/fabric_icon.png" alt="Hyperledger Fabric" height ="42px"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" alt="VueJS" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nuxt/nuxt-original.svg" alt="NuxtJS" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

---

### 📈 My GitHub Activity

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=kmilodenisglez&theme=whatsapp-dark2)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

<br>
<!--

### 💻 Top Languages

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kmilodenisglez&layout=compact&langs_count=5&hide=html,css,makefile&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&title_color=00BB2D)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

<br>

### 🐍 My Contributions in Motion
<div align="center">
	<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/holic-x/holic-x/assets/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg" alt="GitHub Snake Animation" />
</div>

-->


<!--
### 📊 Github Stats

![Kmilo GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kmilodenisglez&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&title_color=00BB2D&hide=stars,prs,issues,contribs)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kmilodenisglez&layout=compact&langs_count=5&hide=html,css,makefile&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&title_color=00BB2D)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

# 🔭Actions
<div align="center">
	<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/holic-x/holic-x/assets/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg" />
</div>
-->

Commit message:

Revise professional summary in README
Updated the description to emphasize expertise in designing secure distributed systems and experience with various frameworks and blockchain technologies.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  👋 Hey, I'm Kmilo Denis Glez 🧑‍💻
  
  <p>
    <a href='https://www.linkedin.com/in/kmilodenisglez/' target="_blank">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="Connect on LinkedIn"/>
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

---

### 🛡️ Blockchain & Applied Cryptography Specialist

Blockchain & Applied Cryptography Specialist passionate about designing **secure, high-performance distributed systems**. Currently a Researcher at the Institute of Cryptography, University of Havana, I specialize in building robust APIs and services while exploring Decentralized Ledger Technologies and applied cryptography. Experienced with frameworks such as Django, FastAPI, Laravel, Express.js, and Iris (Go), as well as blockchain technologies including Hyperledger (Fabric, FireFly) and Ethereum Virtual Machine-based platforms (Ethereum, Polygon, etc.).

### 🧠 More About Me

* **🏢 Work:** Researcher and Architect at the Institute of Cryptography, Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science at University of Havana, Cuba. Specialized in the design and construction of high-performance services and APIs.
* **📚 Interests:** Decentralized Ledger Technologies (DLT/Blockchain), Applied Cryptography, and building robust solutions using key frameworks like **Django, FastAPI, Laravel, Express.js**, and **Iris (Go)**.
* **🤝 Collaboration:** Looking to contribute to **Hyperledger FireFly** and the **firefly-fabconnect** component.
* **🌱 Learning:** Deep diving into the wonderful world of **Fintech** (Financial Technology).

---

### 🔨 Languages and Tools

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="Python" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/go/go-original.svg" alt="Golang" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" alt="Docker" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="JavaScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="TypeScript" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="Node.js" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="/static/fabric_icon.png" alt="Hyperledger Fabric" height ="42px"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/vuejs/vuejs-original.svg" alt="VueJS" width="40" height="40"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nuxt/nuxt-original.svg" alt="NuxtJS" width="40" height="40"/>
</p>

---

### 📈 My GitHub Activity

[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=kmilodenisglez&theme=whatsapp-dark2)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

<br>
<!--

### 💻 Top Languages

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kmilodenisglez&layout=compact&langs_count=5&hide=html,css,makefile&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&title_color=00BB2D)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

<br>

### 🐍 My Contributions in Motion
<div align="center">
	<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/holic-x/holic-x/assets/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg" alt="GitHub Snake Animation" />
</div>

-->


<!--
### 📊 Github Stats

![Kmilo GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=kmilodenisglez&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&title_color=00BB2D&hide=stars,prs,issues,contribs)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=kmilodenisglez&layout=compact&langs_count=5&hide=html,css,makefile&count_private=true&show_icons=true&theme=dark&title_color=00BB2D)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

# 🔭Actions
<div align="center">
	<img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/holic-x/holic-x/assets/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg" />
</div>
-->
